Add Reolink battery draining troubleshooting step (#38201)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/reolink.markdown

- If the Reolink entities go to unavailable for short periods, the camera may be overloaded with requests resulting in short connection drops. To resolve this, first, check if the integration is using `ONVIF push` instead of `ONVIF long polling` (resource intensive) or `Fast polling` (very resource intensive), see the [Reducing latency of motion events](#reducing-latency-of-motion-events) section. Moreover, try switching to the <abbr title="flash video">FLV</abbr> streaming protocol which is the least resource-intensive for the camera, see the [options](#options) section.

### Battery drains fast

> The Reolink Home Assistant integration is supposed to only wake battery cameras once per hour for about 10 seconds, which should not have a big impact on battery life. You can check this using the **Sleep status** entity. However there are several things that can influence battery life significantly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Reolink Home Assistant integration is supposed to only wake battery cameras once per hour for about 10 seconds, which should not have a big impact on battery life. You can check this using the **Sleep status** entity. However, there are several factors that can have significant impact on battery life:
```

- Make sure the **Preload camera stream** option is turned off for all battery camera entities under {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %} > Reolink integration card > **x devices** > select the battery camera > select the camera stream (do this for all enabled streams) > Gear icon {% icon "mdi:cog-outline" %}. The Preload camera stream will keep a active stream open, keeping the camera awake. This will drain the battery.
- Make sure the **Manual Record** switch is turned off. While this switch is on, the camera will be awake and recording. Excessive use of this entity will drain the battery.
- **Automations** which use entities from a Reolink battery camera can wake up the camera. Changing settings or requesting a snapshot will wake the battery camera for 10-30 seconds. When automations trigger very often, this can cause excessive battery use.
- Some **Custom cards** that can be used to view the camera in a dashboard are known to keep a battery camera constantly awake, draining its battery.

> - Viewing a **dashboard** with a picture-entity card of a Reolink battery camera, will wake that camera to show the latest snapshot and/or stream. Therefore it is recommended to place the picture-entity cards in a separate dashboard/tab which is only accessed when actually wanting to view the battery camera stream(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Viewing a **dashboard** with a picture-entity card of a Reolink battery camera, will wake that camera to show the latest snapshot and/or stream. Therefore, it is recommended to place the picture-entity cards in a separate dashboard/tab, which is only accessed when actually wanting to view the battery camera streams.
```
